Updated DG and PPP (#238)
AY2122S2-CS2103T-W09-4/tp: docs/team/harish-coding.md

Given below are my contributions to the project.

* **Code contributed**: [RepoSense link](https://nus-cs2103-ay2122s2.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=harish-coding&breakdown=true)
    

* **New Feature**:
  * Added the ability to assign tasks to a single person by using their studentId and task name. [#53](https://github.com/AY2122S2-CS2103T-W09-4/tp/pull/53)
    * What it does: The command adds the task to the list of tasks assigned to the person with the given studentId.
    * Justification: This would give TA the ability to add tasks to individual students.
    * Highlights: The `Task` and `TaskList` classes were also created. A `Task` object contains the task name, and information about whether the task was done. A `TaskList` object contains a list of tasks that are assigned to a person.

* **New Feature**:

>   * Added the ability to delete tasks from previously assigned to a single person. [#127](https://github.com/AY2122S2-CS2103T-W09-4/tp/pull/127)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added the ability to delete tasks that were previously assigned to a single person. [#127](https://github.com/AY2122S2-CS2103T-W09-4/tp/pull/127)
```

    * What it does: The command deletes a task assigned to a person, by using studentId and the index of the task.
    * Justification: This would give the TA the ability to delete tasks if they assigned tasks incorrectly.
    * Highlights: I made use of the `TaskList` class and added a new method to delete the task.

* **New Feature**:

>   * Added the ability to delete tasks from previously assigned to all the persons taking the same module. [#127](https://github.com/AY2122S2-CS2103T-W09-4/tp/pull/127)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added the ability to delete tasks that were previously assigned to all the persons taking the same module. [#127](https://github.com/AY2122S2-CS2103T-W09-4/tp/pull/127)
```

    * What it does: The command deletes the task assigned to students taking a certain module. The module code and task name should be specified.

>     * Justification: If the TA had incorrectly assigned a task, instead of deleting the task for each student taking the module individually by using their student code, and finding out the index of that particular task for student, the TA could directly use this command to delete this task for all the students under this module, if they were assigned the task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Justification: Before this feature was implemented, if a TA had incorrectly assigned a task, they would have to delete the task for each student taking the module using their student code, and the index of that particular task for each student. With this feature, the TA could simply use this command to delete a task for all the students who are taking this module and have been assigned with this task.
```
